Doctor. Doctor Kwak.
A post-exit hepatectomy...
is the last hope for the patient.
You refuse to take it?
Is it right to let the patient die...
during a risky operation?
Paternalism isn't fair,
but you have no right to decide.
Only Seol Jae Chan...
can decide whether to get the operation or not.
What do you mean?
You heard me.
I refuse to be operated.
You're making a rash decision.
The operation doesn't seem safe either.
Did Dr. Kwak influence your decision?
Why do you ask?
If he emphasized only the negative, I'd like to explain otherwise.
No.
He recommended the operation.
He wanted to trust you.
Then why?
I don't want to waste my time.
My wife died of cancer 10 years ago.
It was terminal cancer.
In other words,
I know exactly what will happen to me...
from now on.
Mr. Seol.
Mr. Seol, this isn't right.
Let it go.
We gave up the operation, not the entire treatment.
Let's go to Seoul now.
I don't want to. My kids are waiting.
Mr. Seol.
The cancer spread all over her body,
and the doctor recommended the operation like you.
Of course.
How can a warrior avoid a fight?
My wife didn't want the operation.
However, I almost forced her to get it.
We did everything the doctors told us to do...
including surgery and chemotherapy.
She didn't want it, but I...
Don't blame yourself.
As a guardian,
you did the right thing.
- For your wife... - No.
It wasn't for my wife.
I did it for myself.
I felt so sorry.
Her stomach was in so much pain,
but all I gave her...
was digestive medicine. I regretted it so much.
I was sorry for what I've done.
I was trying to make up...
I shouldn't have done so.
Do you know...
how my wife was before she died?
She couldn't even swallow rice.
She said she preferred autumn leaves to flowers...
and wanted to,
for one last time, see the fallen leaves.
I didn't even...
grant her that wish.
She stayed in a bed and stayed a patient...
until she finally died.
Hyun.
I don't want to... end up dying like that.
You must feel dejected.
The patient refused surgery.
The shock can cause a lapse in judgement.
As soon as he calms down, I'll...
You'll what? Try to persuade him?
Wake up.
His guardian's looking for other doctors.
The Internal Medicine specialist.
His father's the legendary surgeon, Kwak Sung.
I know that.
Then you must know how connected he is.
He already contacted MD Anderson.
I think they'll recommend us.
We're more advanced in liver, gall bladder, and pancreatic medicine.
Just get straight to the point.
Mr. Seol...
will choose us.
He hasn't given up on surgery.
He escaped from a young, untrustworthy female doctor.
You should leave.
Let's make a deal.
I'll get the patient in our OR.
You can pick any member of the team to scrub in.
If you need other specialists' help, I'll get it for you.
In return,
publish the paper in my name.
You're in no position to refuse.
What do you mean?
Who do you think called me all the way to this place?
Yes.
I called Doctor Kim over.
May I ask why?
I needed verification.
It's my job to train skilled doctors,
but it's also my job to protect patients from irrational ones.
I thought that Doctor Kim, your teacher and mentor,
would be the perfect man for the job.
Is there a problem?
- And your conclusion? - The operation...
is a reckless one, just as I'd thought.
Are you sure...
you can convince the patient?
It is a reckless attempt,
but if it were impossible,
Doctor Kim wouldn't have rushed over here right away.
Hello.
You'll open up the procedure?
Is there a reason I can't?
What if she succeeds? Doctor Song will leave immediately.
The patient will live.
If she fails?
Doctor Song will remain.
What do you think are the chances...
of her pulling off the surgery?
I don't know.
Less than 10 percent, and that's being generous.
Then the likelihood of her staying...
is over 90 percent.
Gosh, that's a great drawing.
Were you fake sick?
Why would I fake being sick?
I'm sick in the heart.
- Are you? - Yes.
Sick in the heart?
Then put on some ointment.
I should.
Don't tell the kids.
You're all great artists.
What's this? That's a beautiful picture of the sea.
Teacher, I'll put some cream on for you.
Do you call this cream?
I don't want to be a burden.
Not to the kids or the other inhabitants.
- Me too, teacher. - You too.
Don't. Stop it, all of you.
Stop it. Don't paint me.
- I'm next. - I surrender.
Teacher, I'm not done yet.
- Hello? - Where are you?
At the school.
Good.
Why is that good?
You didn't exhaust the patient by taking him to other hospitals.
- But... - But what?
It's illogical to refuse surgery.
It's tough to be entirely logical about this.
It can be so for the patient.
- Doctor Song. - The doctor mustn't be like that.
Stop being Mr. Kwak the guardian,
and be the rational Internalist Doctor Kwak.
What do you think is logical and rational?
See you at the dorm later.
It looks so sweet.
- It's nice and ripe. - It looks amazing.
You're back early.
What happened to the rectal cancer patient?
Will he be operated on? When?
Will you let me watch? I'll scrub in...
What should I answer first?
Have some watermelon first.
Where's Doctor Kwak?
Not back yet. Why?
He will decide whether I'll operate or not.
What do you mean?
Mr. Seol Jae Chan is the patient.
Oh dear. This is terrible.
- What? - Have you heard?
- Heard what? - Mr. Seol has cancer.
Cancer?
(Store)
See you.
- Bye. - Bye.
- Take care. - Thanks.
Gosh. Thank you.
Thank you.
How much are the royalties?
A lot, I guess. He's a famous poet.
He's childless. Who will it go to?
Are you a psychopath?
How can you talk about royalties when a man might die?
Yes, because I wasn't born rich unlike someone else.
Hey.
Why did you study Korean Medicine?
What do you mean?
If you got in, that means you weren't entirely useless in school.
Why not go to medical school?
You can't inherit your dad's hospital.
There was someone else to inherit it.
When I came first in my class,
he came first in his year, and I hated him.
Who was that?
An older brother?
Why did you speak in past tense?
Did he quit medicine?
No. He died.
In a car crash...
while driving to the airport to pick me up.
Why do you talk like he's a total stranger?
How else should I say it?
Should I cry as well?
Forget it.
This is no fun. Let's go.
The royalties.
Since he has no children...
Will you stop it?
Why does she look disappointed?
You look so forlorn.
One would think you're waiting for your lover.
- Do you like being silly? - Yes.
(Doctor Song)
Mr. Seol.
Are you done?
Almost. There's not much left.
Let's eat.
Okay, just a moment.
There.
I'm done.
- Here. - It smells great.
It might only smell good.
The taste is even more incredible.
- It is? - Of course. Let's eat.
Eat up.
Eat, and take the last boat out.
I'm sleeping over.
Am I going to die tonight?
How could you say that?
Then why are you treating me like I'm dead already?
I have a pile of work to do.
You'll distract me,
and I'll be inefficient if you're around.
Just one night. Let me sleep over just one night.
What about the hospital ship?
Take me on the school boat.
It's not far.
- Just for one night then. - Okay.
You can't sleep?
No.
It happens when you're old.
Are you afraid?
It's my first time dying, so...
We can fight it.
You can go back to the hospital and get surgery,
or we can look for other doctors.
But one thing for sure is,
whatever you decide,
I'll be with you.
I'll stay with you all the way.
Where are you coming from?
Were you with the patient last night?
Why weren't you answering your phone?
What does that mean?
You look like a wife nagging her husband for not coming home.
I'm not in the mood for jokes.
Is the patient okay?
What is this?
My thesis that I'm working on. Although I haven't completed yet...
And these are the results of the animal testing.
In some ways, animal testing is more difficult.
Dogs may seem stronger than humans,
but they are much weaker.
Conclusively, if one succeeds on a dog, a human...
Stop. That's enough.
What does that mean?
Do you think this will convince the patient?
The patient is afraid because it's the first surgery of this type.
- So we must give him assurance. - With animal testing data?
Do you remember the name of the first patient you operated on?
What was your first patient's name?
You don't remember, do you?
You can see the surgery clearly, as if it's a photograph,
but you don't know the patient's name,
appearance, struggles prior to surgery, things like that, do you?
What's wrong with that?
That's why you come up with something like this.
Do you know what persuasion is?
It's making a person feel a certain way,
not holding data and just saying whatever you want.
You need to listen first.
"What does this person want? What does he fear most?"
You have no desire to, do you?
Because to you, a patient is nothing but a tool...
for your success.
Being a doctor is our job.
Fixing patients is our job.
We get paid for that and succeed.
Is that bad?
Fine. Let's just say...
I'm a scumbag obsessed with success,
who cares about my career more than a patient's life.
What is it that you're doing?
You can candy coat it all you want, but bottom line is,
a patient is dying before your very eyes,
but you won't do anything about it.
- And you call yourself a doctor? - Doctor.
- You're not going in there. - And you're not going up.
Cohabitation means...
you need rules. Rules.
Especially you, Dr. Song.
Since you were new and working in the ER,
we have been very patient.
But now, we'd like you to participate like the rest of us.
What do you mean?
(Hospital Ship Dorm Rules)
What should I do?
Here.
Come now.
- Ladder game? - Yes, ladder game.
- That's how we always chose. - It's pure luck.
- Okay? - Number one.
- 9. - 2.
- 4. - 6.
- 5. - 8.
- 3. - 7.
- Yes. - Anything but the bathroom.
The bathroom again?
I have to bathe Bong Gu.
Dr. Song has... Shopping?
How lucky.
You got shopping too?
- Switch with me. - What is he saying?
Okay. Get going. No fighting.
Here, Dr. Kwak. Here's the list.
It's been decided.
Shopping list.
[VIU Ver] Episode 11 Hospital Ship "I Will Stay With You"
-= Ruo Xi =-
You memorized it all after seeing it once...
and got everything in 10 minutes?
It's nothing compared to memorizing the book on blood vessels.
What's next?
Try this too.
I'll take this. Let me try it.
Isn't it good?
- Yes, this is good. - 20 dollars.
Give me a discount. I'm going to buy a lot.
What else are you getting?
- What fish is good for a stew? - They're all good today.
Rockfish, fish intestine, and spicy salted squid.
The clams taste better.
Life doesn't always go as planned.
Okay.
Don't you see this list?
Come now. Your husband is completely right.
- Wifey. - I'm not a wifey.
Come to the car in five minutes, or I'm leaving.
Do you have the car keys?
Why that...
She clearly is your wifey. Did you get into a fight?
She's just acting, right?
I'll take this and a lot of that.
Goodness. It's so hard to make a living.
- I'll give you a lot. - Thank you.
Hello...
You didn't take the food!
What's wrong?
Dr. Kwak.
- What is it? - The patient went missing.
Who's there?
Sir.
Open the door. Sir. Sir.
What's serious is that a huge quantity of pain killers...
also disappeared.
Morphine?
Why do you need morphine?
Don't you know why?
Do you want to die?
Do you want me to kill you?
- I'm already dead. - Father.
Do you think...
I'm living?
Do you think that I'm alive?
I'm sorry. Can you drive?
(Jaae Rehabilitation Center)
- Mr. Kwak. - Mr. Kwak.
- Father. - Mr. Kwak.
- Father. - Where are you?
- Mr. Kwak. - Where are you?
- Mr. Kwak. - Where are you, Mr. Kwak?
Mr. Kwak.
- Mr. Kwak. - Father.
- Mr. Kwak. - Wait.
Wait.
Someone may get hurt if we make a move too quickly.
The patient might harm himself.
Calm down.
We aren't your enemy.
It's okay.
It's all right.
We aren't your enemy.
Who are you?
I'm a doctor.
I'm also a doctor, sir.
I'll finish treating the patient.
So please...
get some rest.
You should also get treated.
Shall I?
Thanks to you,
I feel much better.
The nurses will take you to a place to stay.
By the way,
what is your name, doctor?
Hyun.
It's Kwak Hyun, doctor.
"Kwak Hyun"?
Your last name is the same as mine.
Please take care of the patient.
Doctor Kwak.
Here.
This is a painkiller.
There was an attack.
They'll need a lot of it tonight.
(Episode 12 will air shortly.)